[Music]
yes
very good again my dearest
lovers of the heart how are you there
this time I bring you a hard setback a
hard blow that Antonio Rossi has put in a
statement
against the
television factory against Jorge Xavier and against Rocío
Carrasco and he has shut them up but
completely there are many cries of
charges perhaps in this response so
please I'm going to ask you that before
reading the statement you give the video a law,
share it and of course leave
the subscribe button as always
okay let's follow protocol when the
judges speak there's little more to add
but if all
possible instances have been resorted to and they have all
ruled the same the right to
protest is part of freedom of
expression but it's just that protest
to pretend otherwise is to confuse,
dirty and attack. I think it could
n't be clearer to say that here my dear
Antonio Rossi in this tweet
and it's basically that yes he protests all you
want that for such
but that  what you're saying is not
true is not true and you have a bunch
of judges who have said the opposite and
well his tweet is full of fuchsias there's
perez who has been acquitted but there hasn't
been a trial yet
me really this is like
why isn't antonio suing there was rocio
carrasco guys applied a thousand times and this thing
that there hasn't been a trial yet the
same there hasn't been a trial yet nor will there be one
because that case has been
investigated for three years and all
the judges who have had the case have
thrown it out they have seen it as a
pantomime they have said no that it doesn't work
that there's nothing that they're good that it's nonsense they have
told us but well the
rulings are quite devastating in fact
not only the judges who have handled
the abuse case
okay but
also the judges and there are several who
have condemned the television factory in
the antonia vi case because first it was
a judge but then it was the
superior court to the saying that the case they are
telling in the documentary is not true
okay casquistas I have nothing
against  I really say this about Rocio Carrasco
but the way things are and I am critical
of Antonio A. Bigobisco, offering it but in
this case things are as they are and
I am truly narrow-minded and he
puts it in our heads that no, that
the case that Antonio Davino is
suing Rocio Carrasco is not going to be reopened because it would be
stupid and it would get nowhere
okay Jose
Carrasco can say that she felt mistreated okay that would not reopen the abuse case and much less would I put him in jail it really seems that sometimes you give me a hard time but it's going further than that they have to see the answers there are in the tweed Antonio
Rossi that what he said is a truth
as a temple that justice has
already said actively and passively and you do not know how to
condemn someone who is suffering it I had it
in my forehead that there is no abuse that
then you can kick and slander in
a documentary leave the information whatever
you want but that there is no
family abuse say gloss of the
comment box what you think or  I'm
choosing, I send you a big hug
[Music]